Okay, so
we have now an app that looks like an app,
the next step is to actually
create views for each page.
Actually in Swift or SwiftUI,
we don't use the page concept,
but I think that it will become
clearer if we call them page.
That's why I called OffersPage.
But it just need three more pages.
What is the page?
A view.
And at this point,
we have more files here.
So maybe it's time to start creating
subfolders and, by the way, I haven't
mentioned this before, but you can
actually drag these elements as you want.
This is not actually order by name.
You can drag elements.
And this is actually not even a one-to-one
view of the real file system.
It's actually a built-on file system.
So I can create not folder but groups.
You right-click, it's called group.
So I create a new group.
A new group, for example,
I can create one for views.
And I can put here the offer.
And I can create another one for
page views.
Sorry, right-click New Group, Page Views,
they're not just views also, but
just to separate the smaller views, the
smaller components, from the larger ones.
So on Page Views then,
I'm going to put OffersPage, like so.
Do I need to change anything on the code?
No, that's why it's called groups,
it's not a it's just the same, okay?
It's just organization for
us, for humans, that's all.
So what I need is three more files.
So I'm going to create a new file,
a new SwiftUI view for
the home that we can call
that more the menu because
it's a coffee menu, okay, the menu page.
We can create another one, New File,
for the CartPage, and
finally, another one for
the InfoPage, Like so.
And now in my ContentView I
don't need a text.
What I need to render for
the tab is the MenuPage.
For the OrderPage, CartPage,
I'm sorry, let's call it OrderPage.
How can I change it?
Well, I need to go and change the name,
the file, but also every reference.
If you want, you can Command+click
here and select Rename.
Also, you can right-click,
Refactor > Rename, just the same thing.
And the UI is kind of weird
because it looks this collapsing.
And now I can just change
CartPage to OrdersPage, for
example, up to you,
like my order or my order page, and
it's also changing the file name and
all the references to it, okay?
So just a nice way to show how to do that.
So we have OrdersPage, and then InfoPage.
And every time we make big changes in
the code, we actually need to the resume
the preview, and
now we are kind of back on the same thing.
But now we have separate views per page,
okay?
Does it make sense?
So we are going to work and maybe instead
of Home Page, we can call this menu,
I mean it's up to you or coffee menu,
or however you wanna call that.
Now it's updated there at the bottom.
Okay, so now we need to work with the UI.
So inside products,
what we want is something like this.
That looks complicated, but
no worries, it's not a big deal.
First, we have items, so
each product is an item.
So something that I can do here,
if I want to, is to create a new view
that will represent each item
as a reusable component, okay?
So I'm going to create a new file,
a SwiftUI view, ProductItem.
We don't typically end with view,
unless we need to separate this from
something else that has the same name,
we don't say it's not a button view,
it's a button, okay?
It's not a product item view,
it's a product item or product itself,
or it's up you.
And here we need to make the design,
in this case we're not going to learn
anything new designing this page.
Because it's just an image, a text,
some padding, some border, colors.
So because we are not learning,
maybe we can take the code from here,
it's this one, ProductItem.
So it's a VStack with an image,
an HStack with some text.
So nothing really fancy, so
I can just copy the body.
The only thing that I think is new
here is that we have cornerRadius.
That's pretty cool.
We can actually apply rounded
corners to any element.
It's actually something
really simple to do.
And also I paste it in the wrong place,
cuz I need to replace the whole
body like that, okay?
So if I resume,
it's going to look like this, okay?
But what about the image?
The image is going to come
from the server, okay?
But can we do something for the preview?
Because I wanna see the image.
So here it says, DummyImage,
okay, as an example,
but can we actually make that DummyImage,
really?
Well, actually, there is a folder
that we were not using so
far with the name Preview Content.
In Preview Content, we can add assets and
even code that will be used only for
previews.
So here, for example,
I can take the image that
you have in the assets
that says BlackCoffee.png.
And I can call this DummyImage,
for example.
There is one version, I don't need
to set three versions of the PNG.
So I can just say that
this is a single scale,
I have only one version, and that's all.
That means that now,
We will actually going to see this as
a dummy image, how to make it work?
Well, first,
we need to create the data, so
we'd have some data model to connect to,
okay?
So we're going to do that in a minute.
Before doing that,
let's keep it like this.
And now let's work with the MenuPage,
okay?
So the MenuPage,
we have a list of those elements.
In this case,
I'm not going to use a VStack.
I'm going to use a list because it has
a scroll, and it has other behavior.
And also I need a title.
Remember that nice title that we have.
That's a navigation view.
So I create a NavigationView,
inside the NavigationView,
I'm going to create a list, okay?
And in the list,
what I want is a ProductItem, like that.
And I need a couple.
So I can Command+click here and
select Repeat.
This is just making a for each, like so.
It doesn't look so bad, right?
So then the NavigationView needs
a navigationTitle modifier.
So we can say these are the products.
Okay, yeah, we don't have the mesh yet.
We don't have real product names,
just fake prices, okay?
But from a UI point of view,
it doesn't look so bad.
Again, it's not loading images.
And if you want more than five,
you can just change this number.
And if you enter Interactive Mode,
you can actually scroll.
Okay, does that make sense?
So what else do we need?
Well, we need to get into each element, so
I need to click on each of these elements.
So here if I click Cappuccino,
it goes to a Details page, okay?
Does it make sense?
Yeah, we have a question.
>> Can you explain the difference
between assets and preview assets again?
>> Sure, the concept is just the same.
The difference is that preview
assets will only be available for
previews while in development mode.
They will not go to the final
iPhone application.
In fact, you can also add
your own Swift files here.
You can create a dummy API Swift file,
and that Swift file,
if you create a class here with, I don't
know, DummyAPI or something like that.
That DummyAPI will be available only for
the preview.
And you can use this trick then
to some kind of do testing.
It's kind of like a more tab or
something like that,
you can mock APIs pretty simple,
but this is more optimized for UI.
But anyway, you can use it for
other purposes as well.
So, what else do we need here?
Well, we actually need
to get into Details.
And Details is another page, remember,
we are trying to achieve this
behavior that looks very complicated
because we have a Back button, okay?
But you will see it's
actually pretty simple.
So we also need some background colors and
things like that that we will
solve in a minute to actually make
it more similar to this example.
Also, there are some titles
there like hot coffee, and
so on, and the image at the top.
But before doing that, let's make another
page, the Details page, that is actually
going to be our last page for today,
then we need to finish the other pages.
But in terms of creating new pages,
that's the only page that we need.
So I'm going to create a new file.
In SwiftUI view, remember, a page is just
a view, it's going to be the DetailsPage.
And within the DetailsPage,
right now we have just the text.
If we want that nice title at the top,
okay,
the Black Americano,
we need at least a NavigationView.
Now let's say we keep the text for
now, Hello, World.
We need navigationTitle,
for now let's say Details,
we're going to make this dynamic
anyway in a couple of minutes.
So how can we jump into that DetailsPage,
okay?
It sounds complicated.
Actually, it's pretty simple.
So going back to MenuPage,
we have a list of product items,
the only thing that we need is
to wrap that product item into
another element that is
called the NavigationLink.
We need a NavigationLink, and
the NavigationLink has a destination.
The destination is actually, what is that?
What type is that?
>> Closure.
>> A closure.
So within the closure, we need to return,
right, where we wanna go.
So the view that we want to render
when the user clicks on that item, and
that's a DetailsPage.
And in the label, what do we want inside?
So inside, we want the ProductItem.
So we wanna render a ProductItem and
when you click on that item,
we want DetailsPage.
Just that, let's resume the preview.
If I click on one of these items, viola!
We have the animation.
We go to another page, I have a Back
button and the Back button has
automatically the preview's title
that has a nice animation, okay?
So also we have the pick chest tub,
I need to use a simulator to actually
see that in action,
where you can actually pick what's behind.
So I click here and I can actually pick,
it's not easy with the mouse or with,
okay, something like this.
So just by adding two lines of code.
So to make this navigation then,
you need a NavigationLink and
another view that will go automatically.
So you can see it,
now it start looking like an app.
Okay, so we have tabs.
We have navigation here.
We still need to connect to real data,
okay, and
maybe some small adjustments,
but it works, okay?
Do we have any question at this point?
How does it look like?
>> So what was the difference?
Is it indexes, I mean, you have 15
items there, right, you have for
each there, right?
>> I have a for each, so I have 15
items that are just looking the same.
>> Okay.
>> We still need to connect
these to real data.
>> Okay.
>> And we are going to do that next,
maybe I wanna render the DetailsPage
with something better.
So here I also have have already designed,
if you go to the next page,
the DetailsPage.
So it has an image,
a ScrollView with an image,
a text, an HStack, text, button.
So there are not so
many different things here, okay?
We have some new stuff, but for now, okay,
this is the body that I can add here,
like so.
And I will have, something that we
haven't seen before, it's an stepper.
And a stepper,
it's actually this wheel that
you can step between a minimum and
a maximum value, okay?
It's not available in HTML, so
it's something that you need to
create manually if you want.
It needs a binding to a property,
so, I'm missing an S here.
So, remember how that works?
We need to create a variable
that has one special,
let's say like annotation that says
that it's in a state variable.
>> Is it @State?
>> @State, so @State var.
And we're going to set the name,
quantity, and we start as 1.
And then that stepper
can include a binding,
remember the binding is the dollar sign.
And this is from 1 to 10.
Okay, so if you change that, and
what I had here in the bottom
is add the quantity to cart.
So the navigationTitle for
now is going to be dummy as well.
So let's resume this, okay?
It looks like this, and if I go to
Interactive Mode, look at my dummy image,
that's the dummy image that I have for
the preview.
So add 1 to cart, can you see the 1 there?
Add 1 to cart.
If I say plus, because there is a binding,
it's changing that text as well,
the text of the button.
And all the other properties
are just padding, so frames,
things that we have already seen, okay,
to actually design something as you want.
We have a dummy image, a text,
an HStack with a text as the stepper.
The HStack is actually the one
that is making these two
elements horizontally aligned.
And, I think that-
>> There's no total, right?
It doesn't add it up, does it?
>> Sorry, what?
>> It doesn't add up the total, right?
>> Right now?
>> Right now, yeah.
>> No, the number is fixed.
Can we make it without, the problem is
that we don't have a price variable.
So we're going to do that, okay?
We're going to do that.
But it's better to have the model first so
we have the price somewhere, okay?
>> That's double binding-
>> It's double binding because this is
actually changing, so
the stepper is changing the quantity,
that's why it's double binding.
Okay, but from a UI point of view,
we don't have the cart yet
but it's actually doing something,
okay, this one.
I need to write it again
because that's the old version.
So you click here and
you can move the stepper.
And the total is wrong, okay,
but I can go in and out.